Bulk Legal Data – CourtListener.com

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Toggle navigation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

About

 

FAQ

 

 
Become a Member

 

 

 
 
Sign in / Register

 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Case Law&nbsp;

 

 

 

 
Search Case Law

 

 
 

 
Look Up Citations

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
RECAP Archive&nbsp;

 

 

 

 
Search PACER Data

 

 

 
Install RECAP

 

 

 
Pray and Pay Project

 

 

 
Get Case Alerts

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
Bulk Data Service

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Oral Arguments&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Oral Arguments

 

 

 
Get Search Alerts

 

 

 
Custom Podcasts

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Judges&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Judges

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Financial Disclosures&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Financial Disclosures

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

&nbsp;Donate

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 
Back to API Home

 

 

 

 

 

 
Back to API Home

 

 
Table of Contents

 

 

Overview

 

Browsing the Files

 

Data Definitions

 

Schema Diagrams

 

 

Case Law Data

 

Disclosures Data

 

Judge Data

 

Oral Argument Data

 

 

Embeddings

 

Odds and Ends

 

 

Data Generation Schedule

 

Contributions

 

Release Notes

 

Copyright

 

 

 

 

 

 
Bulk Legal Data

 
For developers, legal researchers, journalists, and the public, we provide bulk files containing many types of data. In general, the files that are available correspond to the major types of data we have in our database, such as case law, case law embeddings, oral arguments, dockets, and judges.
 

 

Get in touch
 if you're interested in types of data not provided here.
 

 
If you have questions about the data, 
please use our forum
 and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
 

 
Browsing the Data Files

 
As they are generated, bulk data files are streamed to an AWS S3 bucket. Files are named with their generation time (UTC) and object type.
 

 

Important:
 Files are snapshots, not deltas, meaning each file contains everything in our database at the time of generation.
 

 

 
Browse Bulk Data

 

 
Data Format and Field Definitions

 
Files are generated using the PostgreSQL 

COPY TO

 command. This generates CSV files that correspond with the tables in our database. Files are provided using the CSV output format, in the UTF-8 encoding, with a header row on the top. If you are using PostgreSQL, the easiest way to import these files is to use the 
COPY FROM
 command. Details about the CSVs we generate can be found in the 
COPY documentation
 or by reading 
the code we use to generate these files
. You can import the data using 
COPY FROM
 by executing a sql statement like this:
 

 

 

 COPY public.search_opinionscited (id, depth, cited_opinion_id, citing_opinion_id) FROM 'path_to_csv_file.csv' WITH (FORMAT csv, ENCODING utf8, ESCAPE '\', HEADER);
 

 

 
The SQL commands to generate our database schema (including tables, columns, indexes, and constraints) are dumped whenever we generate the bulk data files. You can import the schema file into your own database with something like:
 

 

 
psql [various connection parameters] 

 

 
Field definitions can be found in one of two ways. First, you can 
browse the CourtListener code base
, where all the fields and tables are defined in 
models.py
 files. Second, if you send an 
HTTP OPTIONS
 request to our
 
REST API
, it will give you field definitions (though the API does not always correspond to the CSV files on a 1-to-1 basis).
 

 
Schema Diagrams

 
Click for more detail.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Bulk Data Files

 
Case Law Data

 
The following bulk data files are available for our Case Law database. Use
 
the browsable interface
 to get their most recent links:

 

 

 

Courts
 &mdash; This is a dump of court table and contains metadata about the courts we have in our system. Because nearly every data type 
happens
 in a court, you'll probably need this table to import any other data type below. We suggest importing it first.
 

 

 

 

Dockets
 &mdash; Dockets contain high-level case information like the docket number, case name, etc. This table contains many millions of rows and should be imported before the opinions data below. A docket can have multiple opinion clusters within it, just like a real life case can have multiple opinions and orders.
 

 

 

 

Opinion Clusters and Opinions
 &mdash; Clusters serve the purpose of grouping dissenting and concurring opinions together. Each cluster tends to have a lot of metadata about the opinion(s) that it groups together. Opinions hold the text of the opinion as well as a few other bits of metadata. Because of the text, the opinions bulk data file is our largest.
 

 

 

 

Citations Map
 &mdash; This is a narrow table that indicates which opinion cited which and how deeply.
 

 

 

 

Parentheticals
 &mdash; Parentheticals are short summaries of opinions written by the Court. 
Learn more about them from our blog
.
 

 

 

 

Integrated DB
 — We regularly import the 
FJC Integrated Database
 into our database, merging it with the data we have.
 

 

 

 
We have also partnered with the Library Innovation Lab at Harvard Law Library to create 
a dataset on Hugging Face
 with similar data.
 

 
Financial Disclosure Data

 
We have built a database of 32,336 financial disclosure documents containing 1,901,720 investments. To learn more about this data, please read the 
REST API documentation
 or the 
disclosures coverage page
.
 

 
Judge Data

 
Our judge database is described in detail in our 
REST API documentation
. To learn more about that data, we suggest you read that documentation. Before you can import this data, you will need to import the court data.
 

 
Oral Argument Data

 
Our database of oral arguments is the largest in the world, but has a very simple structure consisting of only a single table that we export. That said, it relies on our court, judge, and docket data, so before you can import the oral argument data, you will likely want to import those other sources.
 

 
Case Law Embeddings

 
To encourage innovation, the case law embeddings for 
our semantic search engine
 are available for download.
 

 
These embeddings are about 2TB in size and can be downloaded from our AWS S3 bucket with a command like:
 

 
aws s3 sync s3://com-courtlistener-storage/embeddings/opinions/ . \
 --no-sign-request

 

S3 Inventory files
 are also available in the bucket:

 
aws s3 sync s3://com-courtlistener-storage/embeddings/inventories/ . \
 --no-sign-request

 
These are generated nightly and can be used to identify new embeddings.

 
Embeddings are organized into directories named after the model used to generate them:

 

 

modernbert-embed-base_finetune_512
 — This uses 
our fine-tuned ModernBERT model
.

 

 
Please note that downloading these embeddings incurs about $200 in AWS fees upon Free Law Project. Donations 
are highly encouraged
 to offset such costs.
 

 
Odds and Ends

 
Generation Schedule

 
As can be seen on the public 
CourtListener maintenance calendar
, bulk data files are regenerated quarterly on the last day of March, June, September, and December beginning at 3AM PST. Generation can take many hours, but in general is expected to conclude before the next day. Check the date in the filename to be sure you have the most recent data.
 

 
Adding Features and Fixing Bugs

 
Like all Free Law Project initiatives, CourtListener is an open source project. If you are a developer and you notice bugs or missing features, we enthusiastically welcome your contributions 
on GitHub
.
 

 
Release Notes

 

 
2025-01-24
: Improved PostgreSQL bulk data export by defaulting to double quotes for quoting instead of backticks, resolving parsing errors. Added the 
ESCAPE
 option to handle embedded double quotes, ensuring reliable exports and data integrity. Updated the generated import shell script to include this option.
 

 

 
2024-08-07
: Added 
filepath_pdf_harvard
 field to OpinionCluster data in bulk exports. This field contains the path to the PDF file from the Harvard Caselaw Access Project for the given case.
 

 

 
2024-08-02
: Add new fields to the bulk data files for the Docket object: federal_dn_case_type, federal_dn_office_code, federal_dn_judge_initials_assigned, federal_dn_judge_initials_referred, federal_defendant_number, parent_docket_id.
 

 

 
2023-09-26
: Bulk script refactored to make it easier to maintain. Courthouse table added to bulk script. Court appeals_to through table added to bulk script. Bulk script now automatically generates a shell script to load bulk data and stream the script to S3.
 

 

 
2023-07-07
: We added the 
FORCE_QUOTE *
 option to our export script so that null can be distinguished from blank values. In the past, both appeared in the CSVs as commas with nothing between them (
,,
). With this change, blanks will use quotes: (
,"",
), while nulls will remain as before. This should make the 
COPY TO
 commands work better. In addition, several missing columns are added to the bulk data to align our exports more closely with our database.
 

 
This is the third version of our bulk data system. Previous versions were available by jurisdiction, by day, month, or year, and in JSON format corresponding to our REST API. We also previously provided our CiteGeist&trade; data file. Each of these features has been removed in an effort to simply the feature. For more information, see 
here (removing day/month/year files)
 and 
here (removing the JSON format and switching to PostgreSQL dumps)
.
 

 

Copyright

 
Our bulk data files are free of known copyright restrictions.

 

 

 

 

 

 
Please Support Open Legal Data

 
These bulk data files are sponsored by 
Free Law Project
 and users like you. We provide these files in furtherance of our mission to make the legal sector more innovative and equitable.
 

 
We have provided these files for over a decade, and we need your contributions to continue curating and enhancing this service.
 

 
Will you support us today with a donation?

 

 

 

 

 

 Donate Now

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 
Newsletter

 
Sign up to receive the Free Law Project newsletter with tips and announcements.

 

 

 

 

&nbsp;Subscribe
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
About

 

 

 
Help
 &amp; 
FAQ

 

 

 
Donate

 

 

 

 

 
About Our Data

 

 

 
APIs &amp; Bulk Data

 

 

 
Feeds
 
&amp;

 
Podcasts
&nbsp;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Blog Posts

 

 

 
Contact

 

 

 
Data Services

 

 

 
Contribute

 

 

 

 

 
Terms &amp; Privacy

 

 

 
Removal

 

 

 
Vulnerability Policies

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
CourtListener is sponsored by the non-profit 
Free Law Project
.