Coverage – CourtListener.com

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Toggle navigation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

About

 

FAQ

 

 
Become a Member

 

 

 
 
Sign in / Register

 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Case Law&nbsp;

 

 

 

 
Search Case Law

 

 
 

 
Look Up Citations

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
RECAP Archive&nbsp;

 

 

 

 
Search PACER Data

 

 

 
Install RECAP

 

 

 
Pray and Pay Project

 

 

 
Get Case Alerts

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
Bulk Data Service

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Oral Arguments&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Oral Arguments

 

 

 
Get Search Alerts

 

 

 
Custom Podcasts

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Judges&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Judges

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Financial Disclosures&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Financial Disclosures

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

&nbsp;Donate

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 
Table of Contents

 

 

PACER Data Coverage

 

 
Case Law Coverage

 

 

Financial Disclosure Coverage

 

Judge Coverage

 

Oral Argument Coverage

 

 

 

 

 
Data Coverage &mdash; What's in CourtListener?

 
CourtListener is a vast searchable collection of legal information.

 
We have millions of case law records including 
a detailed collection of SCOTUS opinions
, tens of millions of PACER docket entries in the 
RECAP Archive
, and 
the largest collection of oral argument recordings
 available on the Internet, with 3,387,378 minutes of recordings (and counting).
 

 
The best way to think about our data is to consider where we get it from. The answer to that question depends on which kind of information you are interested in &mdash; PACER data (the RECAP Archive), case law, oral argument recordings, or financial disclosures.
 

 

 
PACER Data (The RECAP Archive)

 
The RECAP Archive is the biggest open collection of federal court data on the Internet. It contains hundreds of millions of docket entries, nearly every federal case, and millions of documents. It grows by thousands of documents each day. See our page on this topic for more details.
 

 

RECAP Archive Coverage

 

 
Case Law

 
Courtlistener has one of the most comprehensive collections of American Legal Jurisprudence on the internet. We have over nine million decisions from over 2000 courts. See our page on this topic for more details.

 

Case Law Coverage

 

 
Financial Disclosures

 
All federal judges and many state judges must file financial disclosure documents to indicate any real or perceived biases they may have. We have collected
 32,336 of these records containing 1,901,720 investments. See our page on this topic for more details.
 

 

Disclosure Coverage

 

 

 
Judges

 
We host a structured database of 16,191 state and federal judges including their biographical, professional, judicial, and political information.
 

 

Learn More on Free.law

 

 

 
Oral Argument Recordings

 
We have the largest collection of oral argument audio recordings on the Internet. Currently our collection contains 3,387,378 minutes of recordings.
 

 

Oral Argument Coverage

 

 
Please Support Open Legal&nbsp;Data

 
These services are sponsored by 
Free Law Project
 and users like you. We provide these services in furtherance of our mission to make the legal sector more innovative and equitable.
 

 
We have provided these services for over a decade, and we need your contributions to continue curating and enhancing them.
 

 
Will you support us today by becoming a member?

 

 

 

 

 

 Join FLP

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 
Newsletter

 
Sign up to receive the Free Law Project newsletter with tips and announcements.

 

 

 

 

&nbsp;Subscribe
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
About

 

 

 
Help
 &amp; 
FAQ

 

 

 
Donate

 

 

 

 

 
About Our Data

 

 

 
APIs &amp; Bulk Data

 

 

 
Feeds
 
&amp;

 
Podcasts
&nbsp;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Blog Posts

 

 

 
Contact

 

 

 
Data Services

 

 

 
Contribute

 

 

 

 

 
Terms &amp; Privacy

 

 

 
Removal

 

 

 
Vulnerability Policies

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
CourtListener is sponsored by the non-profit 
Free Law Project
.