RECAP Suite — Turning PACER Around Since 2009 | Free Law Project | Making the legal ecosystem more equitable and competitive.

Open menu

About

Tools

Data

Engage

Blog

 Donate

 Install RECAP

RECAP Suite — Turning PACER Around Since 2009

The RECAP Suite is a 
collection of tools
 for working with PACER, the data access system for American federal courts.

If you use PACER, consider installing the RECAP extension in your browser. If you are a researcher, you can search millions of federal filings in the 
RECAP Archive
. Journalists and court watchers will find 
docket alerts
 and 
RECAP search alerts
 invaluable. If you get notifications from PACER, check out 
our NEF notification handler
.

 Add to Chrome

 Add to Edge

 Add to Safari 

 Add to Firefox 

Install RECAP

If you use PACER, install RECAP.

Once the RECAP extension is installed, your PACER purchases will be automatically added to the 
RECAP Archive
. Anything somebody else has added to the archive will be available to you for free — right in PACER itself.

The RECAP extension is private and secure by design. It only has access to the PACER and CourtListener websites and does not track you or care who you are.

Tens of thousands of people use the RECAP extension. To join them, install the extension in your browser using the button above, and then use PACER as you normally would.

It&#x27;s that simple. If you don&#x27;t like it, you can uninstall the extension at any time.

Have questions? 
We&#x27;re here to help
.

See Screenshots

 

See the FAQs

The Archives and APIs

Thanks to our users and our 
data consulting projects
, the 
RECAP Archive
 contains tens of millions of PACER documents, including 
every free opinion in PACER
. Everything in the archive is fully searchable, including millions of pages that were originally scanned PDFs.

The RECAP Archive is also regularly uploaded to 
the Internet Archive
, where it has 
a lasting home
. This amounts to thousands of liberated documents daily.

Finally, we make the RECAP Archive available via an API or as bulk data for journalists, researchers, startups, and developers.

Visit the RECAP Archive

 

Read about the RECAP APIs

Use Docket Alerts to Keep Up with Cases

Thousands of journalists and court watchers subscribe to our docket alerts to know when there are new filings in cases they follow. You can create a number of alerts for free, and you get even more if you have the RECAP extension installed.

Creating a docket alert is easy. Just find a case you want to follow and press the button that says &quot;Get Alerts&quot;. That&#x27;s it.

Learn More About Docket Alerts

Use Search Alerts for Notifications on New Cases or Filings

With RECAP search alerts, you’ll be notified whenever there&#x27;s a new match in our PACER holdings for any search you make. You can follow topics, people, organizations, and more. You can create a number of alerts for free, and you get even more if you 
become a member
 of Free Law Project.

To save an alert, do a search and hit the bell icon next to your query. That’s it!

Learn More About Search Alerts

The @recap.email ECF Notification Handler

If you&#x27;re an attorney that gets notifications from PACER, you can use our notification handler to automatically contribute your cases and filings to the RECAP Archive.

We create a special email address for every CourtListener user. All you have to do is add that email address as a secondary recipient in the PACER system, and we&#x27;ll start getting and processing your notifications. Set and forget — until you want to do full text search on your case!

Learn More and Get Started

And More…

The RECAP Suite also has tools for techies, including:

Webhooks
 so events on our website can trigger workflows in your systems.

An 
API for purchasing PACER content
, so you don&#x27;t have to scrape it yourself.

A tool for 
finding bad redactions
 in filings.

A 
Python package
 for pulling citations out of text.

A 
microservice
 for extracting text from documents, including doing OCR.

What People are Saying

Recap is an invaluable resource for journalists, activists - and really anyone who cares about law and justice in the United States. The work of the Free Law Project puts our courts within reach for everyone, and reinforces a pillar of democracy that is often overlooked. Everyone should support — and contribute — to this effort.

— Charles Duhigg, 
Pulitzer Prize winning journalist for New York Times

If you are a PACER user, I strongly encourage you to download RECAP.

— Todd Ito of the 
Chicago Association of Law Libraries

Citizens deserve open and easy access to all public court documents. Until public access becomes a matter of policy rather than blocked by PACER&#x27;s artificial pay wall, independent efforts like RECAP continue to fill a critical gap in our ability to foster a more participatory and engaged democracy.

— Ari Schwartz, 
Center for Democracy and Technology

For More Information, See…

The Frequently Asked Questions

Facts about PACER

Why It Matters

The RECAP Privacy Policy

We also have an API and bulk data available for developers. For details, 
get in touch
.

About

Overview

Team

Presentations &amp; Press

Non-Profit Documents

Hiring

Press 
Logos and 
Assets

Vulnerability Disclosure Policy

Contact Us

Our Work

Data 
Services and 
Consulting

PACER Fact Sheet

Integrated Database Fact Sheet

Court Contracts

Tools

CourtListener.com

RECAP Suite

Bots.law

Open Source Tools

More 
 on GitHub

Data

Our Data Services

Legal APIs

Bulk Data

Database Replication

Datasets

Engage

Membership

Read the Blog

Startup Guide

Librarian Guide

Justice Partner Circle

Our Latest Post

Join our Newsletter

Volunteer

Support FLP

Donate Now

Donations FAQ

Other Ways to Help

Stickers
 
&amp;
 
Store
!

© 
2026
 Free Law Project. Content licensed under a Creative Commons BY-ND international 4.0, license, except where indicated.
 
Site powered by Netlify
.