RECAP Archive Coverage — CourtListener.com

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Toggle navigation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

About

 

FAQ

 

 
Become a Member

 

 

 
 
Sign in / Register

 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Case Law&nbsp;

 

 

 

 
Search Case Law

 

 
 

 
Look Up Citations

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
RECAP Archive&nbsp;

 

 

 

 
Search PACER Data

 

 

 
Install RECAP

 

 

 
Pray and Pay Project

 

 

 
Get Case Alerts

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
Bulk Data Service

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Oral Arguments&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Oral Arguments

 

 

 
Get Search Alerts

 

 

 
Custom Podcasts

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Judges&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Judges

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Financial Disclosures&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Financial Disclosures

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

&nbsp;Donate

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 
Back to Coverage Overview

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Back to Coverage Home

 

 
Table of Contents

 

 

Overview

 

Data Sources

 

 

RECAP Extensions

 

@recap.email

 

Special Scrapers

 

Fetch APIs

 

Client Work

 

Opinion Scrapers

 

RSS Feeds

 

Social Media Bots

 

 

 

 

 

 
RECAP Archive Coverage — What PACER Data Does CourtListener Have?

 
The 
RECAP Archive
 is the biggest open collection of PACER data on the Internet.

 
It contains hundreds of millions of docket entries, nearly every federal case, and millions of documents. On a given day, it is likely to gain numerous new dockets, thousands of new documents, and around 100,000 new docket entries.
 

 
Our goal with the RECAP Archive is to collect any PACER data that we can so that we can share it as widely as possible.
 

 

 
Data Sources

 
There is no easy answer to "
What's in RECAP?
," but we can share how we get content from PACER and provide details about data gathering projects we have completed.
 

 
RECAP Extension

 
An important source of PACER data in CourtListener is the 
RECAP Extension
.
 
The RECAP Extension is a tool for your browser that is used by around 30,000 people. As you use PACER, the extension will send copies of your purchases to the RECAP Archive.
 

 
RECAP is used by many journalists. As a result, the documents contributed by the extensions are some of the most newsworthy in the country. If you use PACER, 
install the RECAP Extension
 to save money and contribute to the public commons.
 

 

Install RECAP Now

 

 
@recap.email system

 
People that receive ECF notification emails from PACER can use the 
@recap.email system
 to seamlessly add documents to the RECAP Archive.
 

 
Each time they get a notification from PACER, we get it too.
 

 

Learn More

 

 
Special Case Scrapers

 
CourtListener automatically identifies certain cases as "special." These cases get additional monitoring via scrapers that regularly gather data from PACER. Examples of special cases are those that have active 
Docket Alerts
, are saved in 
Notes
, or are otherwise popular or important.
 

 

Learn About Docket Alerts
&nbsp;
Learn About Notes

 

 
PACER Fetch APIs

 
We host free APIs that many organizations use to gather cases and documents from PACER. Every day, many organizations rely on these automated tools to add data to our system.
 

 

Learn More

 
Client Work

 
CourtListener is an initiative of 
Free Law Project
, a non-profit that consults with organizations to gather PACER data. In these arrangements, we purchase thousands of items from PACER, which we add to the RECAP Archive.
 

 
In general, we do not discuss the details of these engagements, but we are able to share the following datasets we have created:

 

 

Broad Data
 — In early 2023, we added short descriptions and basic metadata for about 150M documents in the PACER system. This data was drawn from over three million PACER RSS feeds gathered and contributed by 
Troller BK
 in support of our mission.

 

Broad Data
 — In early 2021, we scraped basic metadata from every unsealed bankruptcy, civil, and criminal case in the PACER system. This data, gathered on behalf of a major media organization, spans about 60M cases, and includes the case name, date filed, date terminated, and judge.

 

Broad Data
 — In May 2019, we downloaded nearly all civil district court dockets filed from January 1, 2016 to November 9, 2018. Dockets with natures of suit related to civil rights, prisoner petitions or patent law were excluded.
 

 

Bankruptcy Data
 — In 2020, we gathered $1.9M worth of content from the Southern District of Illinois Bankruptcy Court. For every case from 2007 to 2017, we downloaded the docket sheet, initial petition, and docket entries containing the word "final."
 

 

Fair Labor Standards Act Data (FLSA)
 — We worked with a start-up to create an extensive collection of labor-related dockets and initial complaints. The date range for this collection is from 2009 to 2017.

 

Export Control
 — We have a large, random sample of dockets related to export-controlled technology collected on behalf of a major Department of Defense policy organization.

 

Invoices
 — We have a large collection of documents described by the word "invoice" that can be used for machine learning.

 

 
Finally, we have some data sources that we have not yet merged into CourtListener. These can be treasure troves of data and are detailed on 
our project board dedicated to the topic
.
 

 

Discuss Your Data Needs

 
PACER Opinion Scraper

 
When clerks upload documents to PACER, they 
mark items as official opinions or orders of the court
. Such documents are then free to download from PACER. Each night 
we download all documents that clerks mark in this way
 from district and bankruptcy courts across the country.
 

 
PACER RSS Feeds

 
Most federal district courts provide RSS feeds listing their latest docket entries. We crawl these feeds on an ongoing basis to get the latest docket entries.
 

 
For details on which courts have enabled RSS feeds, 
see the documentation on alerts
.
 

 
Basic PACER Content Scraper

 
Basic case metadata is freely available on PACER for all District and Bankruptcy cases. This includes details such as the case name, docket number, date filed, date of last filing, and date terminated.

 
For bankruptcy cases, additional information is available, including the assigned judge, bankruptcy chapter, date the plan was confirmed, and date the debtor was discharged.

 
We regularly scrape these pages for each court, ensuring that we collect basic metadata for all new District and Bankruptcy cases shortly after they are filed. This data can be used to trigger RECAP Search Alerts.

 
Social Media Bots

 
We host a fleet of social media bots
 that download important documents from PACER so they can be shared with the public. The bots use 
CourtListener APIs
 to download content from PACER. As a result, anything the bots buy is automatically contributed to the RECAP Archive.
 

 

Meet the Bots

 

 
Please Support Open Legal&nbsp;Data

 
These services are sponsored by 
Free Law Project
 and users like you. We provide these services in furtherance of our mission to make the legal sector more innovative and equitable.
 

 
We have provided these services for over a decade, and we need your contributions to continue curating and enhancing them.
 

 
Will you support us today by becoming a member?

 

 

 

 

 

 Join FLP

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 
Newsletter

 
Sign up to receive the Free Law Project newsletter with tips and announcements.

 

 

 

 

&nbsp;Subscribe
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
About

 

 

 
Help
 &amp; 
FAQ

 

 

 
Donate

 

 

 

 

 
About Our Data

 

 

 
APIs &amp; Bulk Data

 

 

 
Feeds
 
&amp;

 
Podcasts
&nbsp;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Blog Posts

 

 

 
Contact

 

 

 
Data Services

 

 

 
Contribute

 

 

 

 

 
Terms &amp; Privacy

 

 

 
Removal

 

 

 
Vulnerability Policies

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
CourtListener is sponsored by the non-profit 
Free Law Project
.