Database Replication for Organizations and Researchers – CourtListener.com

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Toggle navigation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

About

 

FAQ

 

 
Become a Member

 

 

 
 
Sign in / Register

 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Case Law&nbsp;

 

 

 

 
Search Case Law

 

 
 

 
Look Up Citations

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
RECAP Archive&nbsp;

 

 

 

 
Search PACER Data

 

 

 
Install RECAP

 

 

 
Pray and Pay Project

 

 

 
Get Case Alerts

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
Bulk Data Service

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Oral Arguments&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Oral Arguments

 

 

 
Get Search Alerts

 

 

 
Custom Podcasts

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Judges&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Judges

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 
Financial Disclosures&nbsp;

 

 

 
Search Financial Disclosures

 

 

 
About this Collection

 

 

 
API

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

&nbsp;Donate

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 
Table of Contents

 

 

Overview

 

How it Works

 

Our Process

 

FAQs

 

 

 

 

 
CourtListener Database Replication&nbsp;

 
The CourtListener Database Replication service is for researchers and organizations that need high-speed, granular access to the CourtListener database on an ongoing basis.
 

 
This service works by using PostgreSQL to create and maintain a table-based 
logical replica
 of our database allocated specifically for you. Once the replica has completed its first sync, you can query your replica of the CourtListener database using standard SQL commands. This provides an incredibly powerful way to access one of the largest open collections of American legal data.
 

 
The following types of data are currently available as part of this service:

 

 

Case Law

 

RECAP Archive of PACER data

 

The 
FJC Integrated Database
 civil data

 

Oral Arguments

 

Financial Disclosures

 

Judge and Appointer data

 

 
User data will never be shared as part of this service.
 

 
If you are interested in this service, please get in touch to learn more. We will be happy to discuss the technical details.
 

 

Get Started

 

 
How Logical Replication Works

 

Logical replication
 is a system supported by recent versions of PostgreSQL. Unlike older methods of database replication, which worked by shipping the database binary files across the network (so&#8209;called physical replication), logical replication works by streaming SQL commands from a "publisher" server to a "subscriber" server.
 

 
This form of replication provides a number of benefits over physical replication including the ability to have slightly different versions of the database installed, and the ability to only replicate certain tables from the publisher to the subscriber.
 

 

 
Our Process

 
When we engage with you to set up logical replication, we will set up a new server for you in our cloud, and we will provide access to you from a specific IP address in your network.
 

 
Once it's set up, your server will always be in sync and we can work together to scale the server however you need.

 

 
Frequently Asked Questions

 
What about schema changes?

 
Logical replication allows for some schema differences between the publisher and the subscriber, but in general, the less you change your schema, the better. Best is if you don't change your schema at all.
 

 
On our end, when we make schema changes, we will give you advance notice and we will complete the work according to a pre-determined maintenance schedule.
 

 
What if my server goes down?

 
Whenever your server goes down, ours will keep track of changes until yours comes back online. As soon as your server is back and the subscription is re-established, all changes from your downtime will be synced to your server.
 

 
If your server goes offline for an extended period of time, we need to know so that we can make a decision together whether to keep a log of all changes that occurred during your planned downtime.
 

 
Keeping these changes takes up space on our hard drive. If your server is down for too long, eventually we have to stop saving the information for you and a complete re-synchronization will be needed. We charge a fee for re-synchronization work.
 

 
Is there monitoring?

 
Yes, we monitor replication around the clock using our own tools and those from our provider, AWS. Some of our internal monitoring is 
available here
.
 

 
More questions?

 
If you have more questions, please send us an email. This service is a complicated one and we look forward to working with organizations and researchers to make it a success.
 

 

Contact Us

 

 

 
 

 

 
Newsletter

 
Sign up to receive the Free Law Project newsletter with tips and announcements.

 

 

 

 

&nbsp;Subscribe
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
About

 

 

 
Help
 &amp; 
FAQ

 

 

 
Donate

 

 

 

 

 
About Our Data

 

 

 
APIs &amp; Bulk Data

 

 

 
Feeds
 
&amp;

 
Podcasts
&nbsp;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Blog Posts

 

 

 
Contact

 

 

 
Data Services

 

 

 
Contribute

 

 

 

 

 
Terms &amp; Privacy

 

 

 
Removal

 

 

 
Vulnerability Policies

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
CourtListener is sponsored by the non-profit 
Free Law Project
.